Jacob BorthWRIT 101, Section 03305-Sep-2021A Reader, Writer, and Researcher	Sitting down to a boring textbook, writing a research paper, or even browsing the internet, filled with distractions, for research on platypuses can be an arduous task. For many, obtaining information can be challenging and rewarding or even uncomfortable at times. Reading, writing, and research in an educational format are some of the most difficult tasks to accomplish and many people find it challenging, including myself. I will discuss what challenges I have with writing, reading, and research for an educational institution to hopefully show that anyone has struggles in college.	Throughout my life reading has not been prevalent nor very exciting for me. As I have always been impulsive or easily distracted, sitting down, and opening a book for enjoyment is not very exciting nor engaging for me. Some books do in fact compel me to take time and read but it is difficult to find what is interesting for me. Regarding educational reading, I have always found it easier and more entertaining to watch videos on the subject. On the other hand, if I find a book particularly entertaining or engaging for me, it is hard for me to put down and I can forget everything going on around me.	Writing has always been a struggle for me, especially in an academic setting. During the early years of grade school, we were required to take state-level writing tests. These tests overwhelmed me, and I started to shut down and cry during the exams. I was not given the support I needed to succeed during this time and was bullied by my classmates for being a “crybaby”. These experiences led me to fear writing at school, especially when the assignment is being graded. Combined with my perfectionist traits and the past, I must have the perfect paper, or I feel failure. If I overcome my fears and do not have any restraints or criteria, I do enjoy the writing process and feel proud of what I create.	I enjoy researching topics that spark curiosity but when it comes to a graded assignment, I struggle to know where to go or what resources to use.  I typically use YouTube, with emphasis on credibility, as a resource as it is entertaining for me. Some of the most common topics I watch are restoration, science, and technology videos. After watching these types of videos, I may go on to do further research which is a joy for me. When doing research for class assignments I head to the library or go to a catalog of scholarly articles and feel lost or overwhelmed. I am unsure if what I am doing is correct. It all leads back to the perfectionism and spend way more time than I should on researching whatever subject I am supposed to cover.	As difficult as academic reading, writing, and research can be, anyone can improve and overcome their fears or challenges that they create for themselves. For me it is conquering my fear of writing, or my narrow view of reading, or even my perfectionism when it comes to research. We all overcome challenges to continue our journey for intelligence or some meaning in our lives.